=encoding utf-8

=head1 General

This package provides an additional article action which allows to copy, move from one ticket to another. It also allows to delete articles - see https://otrsteam.ideascale.com/a/dtd/Copy-OR-Merge-Single-Article-To-Other-Ticket/321449-10369.

This functionality has been extracted from OTRS extension package KIX4OTRS. 

Since version 5.0.1 Perl-Services.de publishes only ports for OTRS versions >= 5.0.1. No new features will be added. The original package was merged back to KIX4OTRS!

=head1 Usage Remarks

=over 4 

=item * The function is restricted to the owner of the ticket.

=item * For the first article in the ticket, options for moving and deleting are not available.

=item * If there is time accounted in an article which will be copied, you may define if and how this accounted time is copied to the destination ticket. 

=item * Due to the lack of extension methods for frontend modules of other extensions (i.e. OTRS::ITSM) in OTRS and missing configurability of article actions, the article copy-, move-, delete- function is integrated into the frontend by OutputFilters. Disabling ArticlePrint will also disable this function.

=back

=head1 To Do

=over 4 

=item * output filter creates two action links after reload of AgentTicketZoom after article creation

=item * make restriction to owner configurable


=back


=head1 Copyright

Copyright (C) 2006-2015 c.a.p.e. IT GmbH, http://www.cape-it.de
Changes Copyright (C) 2016 Perl-Services.de, http://perl-services.de

ArticleCopyMoveDelete written/edited by:

=over 4 

=item * Anna(dot)Litvinova(at)cape(dash)it(dot)de

=item * Rene(dot)Boehm(at)cape(dash)it(dot)de

=item * Renée Bäcker

=item * Torsten(dot)Thau(at)cape(dash)it(dot)de

=item * Martin(dot)Balzarek(at)cape(dash)it(dot)de

=item * Mario(dot)Illinger(at)cape(dash)it(dot)de

=item * Balázs Úr

=back

This software comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY. For details, see the enclosed file COPYING for license information (AGPL). If you did not receive this file, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.txt.

=cut
